README.md, before:

# Week-1-coding-challenge
#Grading
Grading is a cod that gives grades to students when their marks

	


By Ilusa Jentrix 22/09/2023
Project Description
Grade Generator
Write a function that prompts the user to input student marks. The input should be between 0 and 100. The output should correspond the correct grade, as shown below: A > 79, B - 60 to 79, C - 59 to 49, D - 40 to 49, E - less 40.

Speed Detector
Write a program that takes the speed of a car as input e.g 80. If the speed is less than 70, it should print “Ok”. Otherwise, for every 5 km/s above the speed limit (70), it should give the driver one demerit point and print the total number of demerit points. > For example, if the speed is 80, it should print: “Points: 2”. If the driver gets more than 12 points, the function should print: “License suspended”.

####

Setup/Installation Requirements
- Clone the repository to any desired folder in your computer - Open the cloned folder with vscode. - Run individual files in your terminal using the command `node name_of_the_file` i.e `node 1.grade_generator.js` - And you are good to go

Known Bugs
Known Bugs
The toy problem work fine.

Technologies used
- Javascript - Terminal

Support and contact details
- email :ilusaasutsa@gmai.com
+254717423283

Commit message:

have created net salary calculator and exported it to index.js

README.md, after:

# Week-1-coding-challenge


	


By Ilusa Jentrix 26/09/2023
Project Description
##Grade Generator
This is  a function that prompts the user to input student marks. The input should be between 0 and 100. The output  corresponds to the correct grade, as shown below: A > 79, B - 60 to 79, C - 59 to 49, D - 40 to 49, E - less 40.

##Speed Detector
This is a program that takes the speed of a car as input e.g 80. If the speed is less than 70, it should print “Ok”. Otherwise, for every 5 km/s above the speed limit (70), it should give the driver one demerit point and print the total number of demerit points. > For example, if the speed is 80, it should print: “Points: 2”. If the driver gets more than 12 points, the function should print: “License suspended”.

##Net Salary Calculator
This is is a program that calculates the net salary of employess by calaculating the amountof amout to be deducted from the gross salary as PAYE, NHIF, NSSF and returns the net pay after deductions
####


Setup/Installation Requirements
- Clone the repository to any desired folder in your computer - Open the cloned folder with vscode. - Run individual files in your terminal using the command `node name_of_the_file` i.e `node 1.grade_generator.js` - And you are good to go

Known Bugs
Known Bugs
The toy problem work fine.

Technologies used
- Javascript - Terminal

Support and contact details
This program 
- email :ilusaasutsa@gmail.com
+254717423283
